I know that you can do everything and
I know that you can do everything and that no purpose of yours can be withheld
that no purpose of yours can be withheld
that no purpose of yours can be withheld from you you ask who is this who hides
from you you ask who is this who hides
from you you ask who is this who hides counsel without knowledge
counsel without knowledge
counsel without knowledge therefore I have uttered what I did not
therefore I have uttered what I did not
therefore I have uttered what I did not understand there was too wonderful for
understand there was too wonderful for
understand there was too wonderful for me which I did not know listen please
me which I did not know listen please
me which I did not know listen please and let me speak
and let me speak
and let me speak you said I will question you then you
you said I will question you then you
you said I will question you then you shall answer me
shall answer me
shall answer me I have heard of you by the hearing of
I have heard of you by the hearing of
I have heard of you by the hearing of the ear but now my eyes sees you
the ear but now my eyes sees you
the ear but now my eyes sees you therefore I abhor myself
therefore I abhor myself
therefore I abhor myself and repent
and repent
and repent in Dutch and so it was after the Lord
in Dutch and so it was after the Lord
in Dutch and so it was after the Lord had spoken these words to Joe that the
had spoken these words to Joe that the
had spoken these words to Joe that the Lord said to elephants the team at night
Lord said to elephants the team at night
Lord said to elephants the team at night my wrath is aroused against you and your
my wrath is aroused against you and your
my wrath is aroused against you and your two friends for you have not spoken of
two friends for you have not spoken of
two friends for you have not spoken of me what is right as my servant job has
me what is right as my servant job has
me what is right as my servant job has now therefore take for yourselves seven
now therefore take for yourselves seven
now therefore take for yourselves seven bulls and seven Rams go to my servant
bulls and seven Rams go to my servant
bulls and seven Rams go to my servant job and offer up for yourselves of burnt
job and offer up for yourselves of burnt
job and offer up for yourselves of burnt offering and my servant job shall pray
offering and my servant job shall pray
offering and my servant job shall pray for you for I will accept him lest I
for you for I will accept him lest I
for you for I will accept him lest I deal with you according to your father
deal with you according to your father
deal with you according to your father because you have not spoken of me what
because you have not spoken of me what
because you have not spoken of me what is right as my servant Joan so Elif as
is right as my servant Joan so Elif as
is right as my servant Joan so Elif as the temanite and bildad the shuhite and
the temanite and bildad the shuhite and
the temanite and bildad the shuhite and zophar the name a fight went and did as
zophar the name a fight went and did as
zophar the name a fight went and did as the LORD commanded them for the Lord had
the LORD commanded them for the Lord had
the LORD commanded them for the Lord had accepted Joe
and the Lord restored job's losses when
and the Lord restored job's losses when he prayed for his friends indeed the
he prayed for his friends indeed the
he prayed for his friends indeed the Lord gave job twice as much as he had
Lord gave job twice as much as he had
Lord gave job twice as much as he had before then all his brothers all his
before then all his brothers all his
before then all his brothers all his sisters and all those who had been his
sisters and all those who had been his
sisters and all those who had been his acquaintances before came to him and ate
acquaintances before came to him and ate
acquaintances before came to him and ate food with him in his house and they
food with him in his house and they
food with him in his house and they consoled him and comforted him for all
consoled him and comforted him for all
consoled him and comforted him for all the adversity that the Lord had brought
the adversity that the Lord had brought
the adversity that the Lord had brought upon him each one gave him a piece of
upon him each one gave him a piece of
upon him each one gave him a piece of silver and each a ring of gold now the
silver and each a ring of gold now the
silver and each a ring of gold now the Lord blessed the latter days of job more
Lord blessed the latter days of job more
Lord blessed the latter days of job more than his beginning for he had 14,000
than his beginning for he had 14,000
than his beginning for he had 14,000 sheep six thousand camels 1,000 yoke of
sheep six thousand camels 1,000 yoke of
sheep six thousand camels 1,000 yoke of oxen and 1,000 female donkeys you also
oxen and 1,000 female donkeys you also
oxen and 1,000 female donkeys you also had seven sons and three daughters and
had seven sons and three daughters and
had seven sons and three daughters and he called the name of the first Jemima
he called the name of the first Jemima
he called the name of the first Jemima the name of the second keziah and the
the name of the second keziah and the
the name of the second keziah and the name of the third Karen Hopak in all the
name of the third Karen Hopak in all the
name of the third Karen Hopak in all the land were found no women so beautiful as
land were found no women so beautiful as
land were found no women so beautiful as the daughters of Joel and their father
the daughters of Joel and their father
the daughters of Joel and their father gave them an inheritance among their
gave them an inheritance among their
gave them an inheritance among their brothers after this job lived 140 years
brothers after this job lived 140 years
brothers after this job lived 140 years and saw his children and grandchildren
and saw his children and grandchildren
and saw his children and grandchildren for four generations so job died old and
for four generations so job died old and
for four generations so job died old and full of days
full of days
full of days you